we have a new car here skoda
rapid
sold from April 18, 2014 than
attractive mobile
spacious salon well, firstly new
spacious design and updated headlights
salon
see high-quality finish
materials there are three complete sets
everyone can pick up
individually
so what is important for Russia is high
ground clearance body has
double-sided galvanized thickness here
it will go 08 as a margin here as much as possible
5 stars
Well, the trunk itself 530 liters here you
full size spare tire
can be expanded
with skoda is generally known as soap
skoda produces us concern volkswagen
now i am you
here we have the engine icon skoda
we turn our finger here yes
All our car is European
quality reliable warranty 2 years without
mileage limitations
here we have an average
complete set on automatic engine 16
102 horsepower
automatic six-speed thereby
fuel efficient car petrol 92
if any questions are initial
The price of this mobile 4 and above dependence
this is not the date will be the engine on 275
horsepower mechanics one pillow
security
power steering from the harm hit
audio chief medium grade
If we consider where that will be in
an area of ​​600 thousand is already more powerful
105 horsepower radio cassette player
all 400 lifts heated seats aby
with whom security
thanks a lot of color array